[docs] Clarify usage of `page.query` (#2910)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/11-ssr-and-javascript.md

Note that you can still prerender pages that load data based on the page's parameters, like our `src/routes/blog/[slug].svelte` example from earlier. The prerenderer will intercept requests made inside `load`, so the data served from `src/routes/blog/[slug].json.js` will also be captured.

> > Using [`page.query`](#loading-input-page) on a server context will cause the current page to not be prerenderable. If you want to use `page.query` and keep the page prerenderable, you should only use it in a [client context](#modules-$app-env)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing [`page.query`](#loading-input-page) during prerendering is forbidden. If you need to use it, ensure you are only doing so in the browser (for example in `onMount`).
```
